[Applause]
very good to see you know I'm by the way
I saw you because I love Wes Anderson's
movies and so when the trailer came out
it's a big deal right and then there you
are in it that's exciting you believe
that it's a dream come true for me
because I am a huge huge fan
how did that happen did you reach out
and indicate that you were a big fan and
you love to be in a movie or is it just
less kind of came right to you did he
just emailed me and said you want to
come to France and be in my movie and I
was like uh-huh yeah yeah that sounds
good
at any moment did you ever have a
thought because this would be my first
thought oh this is a prank this is one
of my stupid friends telling me there
Wes Anderson of the West Anderson 12 at
Gmail or something that's good that's
good news are you sure this wasn't the
most elaborate prank ever like they
actually shot the film they're quite a
cast as well of course Bill Murray Owen
Wilson and this is fun is it what you
imagined it would be because it always
seems like like everybody lives together
there's a real sense of community yeah
it's so cool everyone stays in the same
hotel like you have dinner every night
it's all hair and makeup is there it's
so cool it's like you feel like you're
in a Wes Anderson film like you look
like you're in a Wes Anderson movie
everyone else looks like they're in a
Wes Anderson movie Wes Anderson looks
like he's in a Wes Anderson film like
it's the coolest and also most bizarre
it's kind of like if somebody had a Wes
Anderson party and then you had to dress
up as a character except for that's what
you guys are doing for work yeah did you
have fun with Bill Murray I would yeah
yeah of course it was so cool it was
awesome I'd never met him before and I
was in them hair and makeup and he would
just wander in at like 6:00 in the
morning wearing like a fez hat and then
wander out and then like come in a
different door wearing like a different
hat and say something super Bill Murray
you know it was a dream you guys are
both Chicago Cubs fans I know that
waiting yes I'm sorry
they either are in the art you know
there's no really getting around did you
discuss that with bill
oh I forced the issue does he also have
a crush on Anthony Rizzo or is it just
you I mean who doesn't have a crush on
ya I force the issue I basically was
like I have to talk to Bill Murray about
the Cubs before I leave France and so I
just accosted him was like so uh Cubs
right which is cool right
so like cool good bullpen this year
right like he was like yeah he probably
gets that regularly I would imagine but
you know for me oh I'm sure it's a
little it's a little more palatable I
was very excited you well he must be
quite a transit when do you start with
the next season of Handmaid's Tale one
day so that's a very different deal from
that your character is always you know
it's not a well not fun I mean maybe it
is fun I don't know it seems like it
isn't what do you like family and
friends think about watching you suffer
yeah they're very supportive of course
they watch it but my mom definitely is
like it takes her a second to catch up
on it understandably because she's like
I'm not gonna go home and just like turn
on Handmaid's Tale and watch my daughter
suffer to relax uh-huh you know she's
sort of like I can't quite handle the
faces sometimes she procrastinate but
she eventually does get she eventually
does get to it but you know it's hard
it's her daughter and it's a lot there's
a lot going on yeah you can understand
that it would this be like the type of
show she would watch if you weren't in
it my mom is honestly single-handedly
keeping network television alive she is
oh god bless her yeah yeah she's doing
she's doing it really oh yeah like I
text her just for fun and I'll be like
what's on tonight mom should be like
won't Blair's bluebloods at 8:00 and
then there's blacklist tomorrow night oh
wow and she watches all the like Chicago
shows like Chicago med Chicago PD
Chicago Fire like she watches all of us
she knows what's happening she knows
she's like it's really good this year
all those shows that you're wondering
who watches these shows your mom is the
one watching
thanks mom yeah really I mean it works
out for us yeah she does does she not
have like Amazon Prime or Netflix she
does she does she has shoes that me and
my brother about once a week how to work
it yesterday she asked me like okay I
need to download something for the plane
so how do I do that oh I would like to
know the answer to that question too
because I struggle with that myself I
was like mom you just download it yeah
oh that's what you do got this blank
stare yeah I've had that blank stare
myself is she still playing harmonica in
the car yes well not in the car so much
we don't drive we live in New York but
oh yeah she still is don't play now
everyday she plays yeah yeah yeah I love
good you gotta get her no next time she
will sit in with the band that would be
fun right love it yeah well sure I mean
after all she's done for network
television it seems like we could give a
little something back at least you guys
could do for you've been acting since
you were how old little cakes yeah six
years old have you ever had regular jobs
yeah I had one regular job I worked at
the silent movie theater which was on
Fairfax here in LA oh yeah right yeah
yeah is that still a silent movie
theater it's something else now but it's
still a theater yes still a theater but
I think they have they've graduated to
sounds yeah but it's not like you were
working like in the 40s at the silent
movie theater this is like the 90s right
you're working you look fantastic
so what did you do there I did
everything we had to do everything we
have to work concessions and do tickets
and clean the bathrooms but I'm super I
can be very lazy and so I would just
like an hour before the movie started
would go into the room where they had
like the piano with my cloth and I would
just like polish the piano this is what
people would play the solid 40 I'm doing
the motion like people don't you know
those things what do they call pianos
you press on them real hard a bunch of
times yeah so every day you would go
clean the piano and was that part of
your job description but I didn't need
to do it for so long
mm-hmm and would the pianist ever come
in and go my piano is smudged
could anyone even see the piano needs a
little bit of work you know what you're
right well that's so when I hold up a
picture I know where network television
we're very set in our old ways way to
take a break when we come back oh boy
it's late at night why right now where
you're watching you're about to get
scared because Elisabeth Moss has a new
movie called The Invisible Man we will
see a clip from that when we come back
we'll be right back
[Applause]
not so invisible with a bucket of milk
on him is he I remember the old
Invisible Man it was kind of corny like
you had like the white
yeah the sunglass hat like if you're
invisible why were the sunglasses in
that there's no reason for it at all you
can just walk around naked and it would
be fine
in fact it'd probably be fun but this is
a very scary how much can you say about
it is it the secret there's so much
happens in this movie honestly that I
could tell you like 70 pages of it and
there would still be surprises but
actually it's basically about a woman
who you see at the beginning of the film
is escaping a house and you don't quite
know why and then it's revealed that
she's actually escaping an abusive
relationship and then her now ex commits
suicide but she still believes that he's
terrorizing her mm-hmm and everyone
thinks she's crazy and doesn't believe
her and hilarity ensues is it fun to
make a scary movie it is for really fine
yeah I really I loved I did a small part
in Jordan Peele movie s okay and that
was where I sort of discovered like oh
this is my genre it's basically you can
do like the crazy and everyone loves it
oh yeah behaving weirdly it's good yeah
I was doing a scene where I'm like
dragging a nice like across my face in
that movie and just like and smiling and
like crying at the same time and then
Jordan walks in and he was like how do
you think amazing yeah I was so great
and I was like okay this is my job yeah
cuz if you do that like if you're like a
kindergarten teacher and you do that
that's not good weird but in this
scenario it's great yeah so when you
watch this movie have you seen this
movie have okay is it scary to you well
when I first watched it I watched in the
screening room by myself which was an
odd choice and I did actually jump
several times you got scared yeah I know
you're the one being jumped at yeah yeah
that's weird it's tough like I did that
with the paint but when I watched it I
was like oh my god
so stupid but making it it's actually
the thing is it's actually kind of silly
and ridiculous because what you're
actually seeing in the film obviously is
not what we saw so when I'm fighting
with say The Invisible Man
it's really a stunt double in a very
tight green suit oh very tight like
leaves nothing to the imagination Oh
like you're like trying to keep your
eyes up it's like half CGI because
usually they'll replace it whether like
a cartoon monster or something but they
just replace it with nothing nothing
exactly it's like how it looks like a
giant green condom uh-huh you have this
like giant green condom coming at you
which is scary yeah sure I want to ask
you about a a photograph this is from
the SAG Awards last month there you and
a Jennifer Aniston had really at arm's
length quite literally at arms what is
going on when everyone thinks that that
moment with Brad were they were holding
hands was a big deal but honestly she
seems to just be doing this with
everybody oh I mean it's just very handy
yeah you know what we did we took this
into the photo shop and I made a
different version of this Jennifer
Aniston is saving your life isn't she
incredible did you become friends after
this moment you had together I've never
met her mm-hmm never officially met her
and we were staying well I was at this
hotel and my brother was dropping me off
yet sushi and he was dropping me off
after dinner and I walked into the hotel
and there was always paparazzi outside
so I was like who's here and I asked him
they said it was Jennifer Aniston's
birthday party and then the next day I
had all these interviews and they were
asking me like oh my god did you have an
amazing time at Jen's party oh my god
you went to Jen's birthday party and I
decided I wanted to just kind of go I
wanted to be like yeah I did we're
really close Shannon Courtney no no cuz
we've never met and I was like she's
such a weirdo yeah well you know the
good news is you saved her life or wait
don't she saved your life a couple of
time
we have a very a slow day today yeah
doing all that yeah
we've been practicing with our computers
yeah well it's very good to see you
the movie is called the Invisible Man it
is very scary it opens theaters on
Friday Elizabeth moss everybody thanks
for watching if you liked that video
click the subscribe button and if you
didn't like it will you hurt my feelings